# Setting up your environment

## Task 1 - Enabling Customer Service Trial License 

1.  Enter the user id and click on **Start your free trial**

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image1.png)

2.  Enter your contact number and **submit**

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image2.png)

3.  You will be navigated to Customer Service workspace

4.  If you are prompted with a pop-up for using a microphone, click on
    **Allow while visiting the site**. If you are not prompted, you can
    proceed to the next step

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image3.png)

5.  Now you are on the **Customer Service Workspace** home page.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image4.png)

## Task 2 - Set up channels

You can set up channels in the Customer Service admin center
application. In the Power Platform admin center, while you can view
existing environments and channels, you can't enable, edit, or delete
channels.

To set up the channels, perform the following steps:

1.  Click on **Customer Service workspace** to display the apps

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image5.png)

2.  Select **Customer Service admin center** from the list of apps

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image6.png)

3.  Select **Channels** under **Customer Support** on the left
    navigation pane.

![](./media/media2/image7.png)

4.  Select **Manage** for **Manage channels**. The Manage channels page
    appears.

![A screenshot of a computer screen Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image8.png)

5.  You can view the channels that are enabled.

![](./media/media2/image9.png)

## Task 3 - Make Copilot available to agents

### Step 1 - Turn on copilots and generative AI features

To use copilots and generative AI features, you must consent to the
terms of use in the Power Platform admin center. To grant consent, you
must be a Power Platform administrator or Dynamics 365 administrator.

1.  Open a new tab in the browser, Sign in to the [Power Platform admin
    center](https://admin.powerplatform.microsoft.com/) with the
    credentials provided to execute the lab

2.  In the left side panel, select **Environments**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image10.png)

3.  Select your **Customer Service Trail** environment.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image11.png)

4.  Scroll down until you see the **Generative AI features** card. Now,
    select **Edit**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image12.png)

5.  Review the terms of use and select the **Bing Search** checkbox if
    it is not selected. When the **Bing Search** feature is turned on,
    your copilot in Microsoft Copilot Studio can use the data sources
    you provided, but it can use Bing's APIs to index the results better
    and find the best answer from within your data sources.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image13.png)

6.  If any changes have been made, select **Save** to confirm them;
    otherwise, select **Cancel**.

### Step 2 - Make Copilot available to agents

1.  Switch back to **Customer Service admin center** tab

2.  On the left navigation pane, Under **Agent
    experience** select **Workspaces.**

![A screenshot of a phone Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image14.png)

3.  Select **Manage** under **Agent Experience profiles.**

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image15.png)

4.  Select the **Customer Service Trial profile** agent experience
    profile from the list.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image16.png)

5.  On the **Productivity Pane**, make sure **Copilot help pane** toggle
    is **ON** so that agents can use the Copilot features such suggest a
    response, ask a question, and write an email on the productivity
    pane.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image17.png)

6.  Scroll down to **Copilot AI features** section, you will see
    features **Ask a question**, **Scan customer conversation and
    suggest a response**, **Write an email**, **Case summary**, **Live
    conversation summary**, you want to enable for that profile. are
    enabled

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/media2/image18.png)
